My child has a heart defect from birth, no thymus, a wide nose, and is a slow learner. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My child has a brown ring in eye, yellow skin, abdominal pain, and shakes on the right side. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My child is small and has seizures, outbursts of laughter, and trouble walking. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My male infant has no appetite for food, wide eyes, a small penis, and muscle weakness. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My child has weak muscles as an infant and is always eating. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My 3 year old boy has heavy facial features, a large liver and spleen, and is small. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My young boy has delayed milestones, large ears, long head, and large testicles. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My child has indentations in the lower lip and missing teeth. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My infant has a unibrow and problems with the bones in the lower arms. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My child has hearing problems and a heart rhythm problem. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My child has a heart problem and frowning eyes. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My infant has a heart problem, a small thumb, and part of the arms are missing. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My young girl has a heart problem and puffy hands and feet. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My child has a pancreas problem, anemia, and low blood cell count. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My young daughter is moving backward in her development and flaps her hands repetitively. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My child has a misshapen skull and webbed fingers. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My young boy has low platelets, eczema, and frequent sickness. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My child is small and has thumbs that bend backwards. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My infant has a heart tumor. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My newborn has both male and female genitalia and low blood pressure. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My child has a big spleen, skin sores, and wide spaced eyes. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
I am adult woman with a large head, small skin growths on my face and neck, and breast cancer. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My child was born with a hole in the roof of their mouth and has a family history of stomach cancer. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My child has high blood pressure and blood vessel tumors in eye. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My child has family history of breast cancer, family history of leukemia, and family history of osteosarcoma. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My child keeps having fevers, belly pain, joint pain and swollen joints, and achy muscles. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My child has extra fingers, a tumor on his hypothalamus, and a split in his epiglottis. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My baby’s lungs did not develop, was born with many kidney cysts on both kidneys and liver thickening and scarring and there was very low fluid during pregnancy. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
I am a young adult that has blood in their urine, high blood pressure, cysts in both kidneys and other organs, and ballooned blood vessels in the brain. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
I am a teenage girl that has a lot of brown birthmarks, freckles in her armpits and groin, and bumps on her skin. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
I am an adult that has an enlarged aortic root, stretch marks, curved spine, a concave chest, flat feet, and lens dislocation. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
I am an adult woman that has ballooned blood vessels, thin skin, and her uterus burst when she was pregnant. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My child keeps getting coughs and colds, is very skinny, and his pancreas isn't working. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My teenage boy keeps having painful swelling of the hands and feet, pneumonia and fever, and has low red blood cells. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My baby is floppy, has eyes that slant up, has a complicated heart problem, and was born with low thyroid hormone. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My 2 year-old has slow bile flow, a heart problem, changes in his back bones, and a ring on his cornea. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
I am an adult has dark-colored urine, back and knee arthritis, and my knee cartilage looked black when I had surgery. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My young boy’s kidneys are not working, is getting partially deaf, and has a problem with the lens of his eye. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My child loses her balance, gets lots of colds and viruses, and has spider veins in her eyes and on her cheeks. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
I am a teenage boy is very heavy, has extra fingers and toes, and has trouble seeing, especially at night. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My baby was very large when he was born, had a big tongue, had a big bulge around his belly button, and his blood sugar was low. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My infant has a missing part of the iris of her eye, a heart problem, a narrowing of the nasal passage, and ear problems. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My daughter is not growing well, especially her head, and she is not learning, and she gets very bad sunburns and blisters when she goes in the sun. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My six-month old boy is very small, has abnormalities with the shape of his bones and his penis, and has low red blood cells. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My teenage son keeps getting bad pains in his arms and legs, dark bumps on his skin, doesn’t sweat very much, blurred corneas, and protein in his urine. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My baby has trouble eating, does not have tears when she is upset, and throws up, has a fast heartrate, and sweats a lot when he gets stressed. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
I am an adult that keeps getting nosebleeds, have spider veins on my face and fingers, and has blood vessel problems in some organs. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My daughter has very light skin and eyes, and has poor vision, bleeds very easily, and gets lots of infections. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
I am a 40-year old man with mood problems, trouble with balance, and sudden, jerky movements. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My six-month old baby had blisters on her skin, which now look warty. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My child has breathing problems, is floppy, and isn’t learning well. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My adult has leg swelling and extra eyelashes. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
I am a 45-year old man with colon cancer, and many people in my family had colon cancer, as well as cancer of the uterus, skin cancer, and brain cancer. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
I am a teenager with growths in my intestines and spots on my lips. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My daughter has dark streaks on her retina, dark bumps on her neck, and stomach bleeding. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
My son doesn’t have enough of any of his blood cells, his pancreas isn’t working, and his bones aren’t formed right. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My baby was born very small, was born with a heart problem and a small head, and his second and third toes are stuck together. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My boy is growing very fast, has a big head, has learning problems, and has a big forehead. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My daughter and I can't hear well and are very near-sighted, and both had very small chins and had cleft palates. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My baby has low platelets and is missing bones in her arms. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
I am a young man who can’t hear well and I have problems seeing, especially at night. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My baby can’t hear, has a white shock of hair, and has blue eyes. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
My eight year-old gets sunburnt very easily, has lots of freckles, says his eyes hurt a lot in the sunlight, and has skin cancer. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
