A child presents with congenital heart defect, athymia, broad nasal root, and learning disability. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A child presents with Kaiser-Fleischer ring, jaundice, abdominal swelling, and asymmetrical tremor. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A child presents with short stature, seizures, paroxysmal laughter, and unsteady gait. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A male infant presents with failure to thrive, almond-shaped eyes, hypogonadism, and hypotonia. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A child presents with neonatal hypotonia and hyperphagia in childhood. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
A male child presents with developmental delay, macrotia, dolichocephaly, and macroorchidism. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
A child presents with lip pits and hypodontia. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A 3 year old boy presents with coarse facies, hepatosplenomegaly, and short stature. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
An infant presents with synophrys and bilateral forearm deficiency. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A child presents with hearing loss and long QT. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
A child presents with pulmonary valve stenosis, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and down slanted palpebral fissures. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
An infant presents with atrial septal defect and radial anomaly. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A female child presents with aortic coarctation and puffy hands and feet. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A child presents with pancreatic failure, sideroblastic anemia, and pancytopenia. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A female child presents with developmental regression at 2 years of age and repetitive hand movements. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A child presents with craniosynostosis and syndactyly. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis? 
A male child presents with thrombocytopenia, eczema, and recurrent infection. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A child presents with short stature and hitchhiker thumb. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
An infant presents with cardiac rhabdomyoma. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A newborn presents with ambiguous genitalia and hypotension. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A child presents with splenomegaly, dermatitis, and hypertelorism. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
An adult woman presents with macrocephaly, trichilemmomas, and breast cancer. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A child presents with cleft palate and a family history of stomach cancer. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A child presents with hypertension and retinal angiomata. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A child presents with a family history of breast cancer, a family history of leukemia, and a family history of osteosarcoma. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A child has recurrent episodes of fever, abdominal pain, joint pain and swelling, and muscle aches. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A child has polydactyly, hypothalamic hamartoma, and bifid epiglottis. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
An infant with pulmonary hypoplasia has bilateral renal cysts and congenital hepatic fibrosis, and was born after a pregnancy affected by severe oligohydramnios. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A young adult presents with hematuria and hypertension, and is found to have multiple bilateral renal cysts and cysts in other organ systems, as well as cerebral aneurysms. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A teenager has multiple café-au-lait macules, axillary and inguinal freckling, and multiple cutaneous neurofibromas. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
An adult has aortic root dilatation, skin striae, scoliosis, pectus excavatum, pes planus, and ectopia lentis. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
An adult woman had arterial aneurysms, thin skin, and a history of uterine rupture during pregnancy. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A child has frequent respiratory infections, poor weight gain, and exocrine pancreatic insufficiency. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A teenager has episodes of dactylitis, acute chest syndrome, and chronic anemia. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
An infant has hypotonia, upslanted palpebral fissures, a complex cardiac anomaly, and congenital hypothyroidism. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A toddler has cholestasis, a cardiac anomaly, butterfly vertebrae, and posterior embryotoxon. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
An adult has dark urine, spinal and knee arthritis, and ochronosis noted on knee replacement. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A male child has renal failure, progressive hearing loss, and anterior lenticonus. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A child has ataxia, frequent respiratory infections, and ocular and facial telangiectasias. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
An adolescent male has obesity, polydactyly, and retinal cone-rod dystrophy. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A macrosomic neonate has macroglossia, an umbilical hernia, and hypoglycemia. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
An infant has an iris coloboma, a congenital heart anomaly, choanal atresia, and ear anomalies. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A child has growth failure, progressive microcephaly and neurodegeneration, and photosensitivity. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A 6 month-old male has growth deficiency, skeletal and genitourinary anomalies, and severe anemia. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A teenage male has episodic severe extremity pain, angiokeratomas, hypohidrosis, corneal opacities and proteinuria. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
An infant has feeding difficulties, absence of overflow tears with emotional crying, and severe autonomic reactions to stress, with emesis, tachycardia, and sweating. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A young man has recurrent epistaxis, multiple telangiectasias on the mouth, nose, and fingers, and visceral arteriovenous malformations. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A child has oculocutaneous albinism, platelet dysfunction with bleeding diathesis, and immunodeficiency. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A middle-aged man has psychiatric disturbance, ataxia, and chorea. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A six-month old infant had a rash that was blistering, and is now progressing to verrucous. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A child has disordered breathing, hypotonia, and developmental delay. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
An adult has lower-limb lymphedema and distichiasis. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A 45-year old man has colorectal cancer, a strong family history of colorectal cancer and other cancer types, including endometrial cancer, skin cancer, and glioblastoma. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
An adolescent has gastrointestinal polyposis and oral mucocutaneous melanocytic macules. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A child has angioid retinal streaks, dark skin papules on the neck, and gastrointestinal bleeds. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A child has bone marrow dysfunction, exocrine pancreatic dysfunction, and skeletal anomalies. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
An infant has severe intrauterine growth restriction, a congenital cardiac anomaly, microcephaly, and 2-3 toe syndactyly. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A child has overgrowth, macrocephaly, developmental delay, and distinctive facies including a prominent forehead. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A child and her mother both have hearing loss, severe myopia, and Pierre-Robin sequence. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
An infant has thrombocytopenia and bilateral radial aplasia. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
A young adult has hearing loss and retinitis pigmentosa. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
An infant has congenital hearing loss, a white forelock, and blue irises. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
An eight year-old child has acute sun sensitivity with freckling, photophobia, and squamous cell carcinoma and basal cell carcinoma. What is the most likely genetic diagnosis?
