My child has a heart defect from birth, no thymus, a wide nose, and is a slow learner.   
My child has a brown ring in eye, yellow skin, belly pain, and shakes on the right side.   
My child is small and has seizures, outbursts of laughter, and trouble walking.   
My infant son is not gaining weight, has wide eyes, a small penis, and muscle weakness.   
My child had weak muscles as an infant and is always eating.   
My 3 year old son has rounded, heavy facial features, a large liver and spleen, and is short.   
My young son has delayed milestones, large ears, long head, and large testicles.   
My child has indentations in the lower lip and missing teeth.   
My infant has a unibrow and problems with the bones in the lower arms.   
My child has hearing problems and a heart rhythm problem.   
My child has a heart problem and eyes that angle downwards.   
My infant has a heart problem and has a problem with a lower arm bone and thumbs.   
My young daughter has a heart problem and puffy hands and feet.   
My child has a pancreas problem, anemia, and low blood cell count.   
My young daughter is moving backward in her development and flaps her hands repetitively.   
My child has a misshapen skull and webbed fingers.   
My young son has low platelets, eczema, and frequent illnesses.   
My child is small and has thumbs that bend backwards.   
My infant has a heart tumor.   
My newborn has both male and female genitalia and low blood pressure.   
My child has a big spleen, skin sores, and wide spaced eyes.   
I am an adult woman with a large head, small skin growths on my face and neck, and breast cancer.   
My child was born with a hole in the roof of their mouth and has a family history of stomach cancer.   
My child has high blood pressure and blood vessel tumors in the eyes.   
My child has family history of breast cancer, leukemia, and family history of osteosarcoma.   
My child keeps having fevers, belly pain, joint pain and swollen joints, and achy muscles 
My child has extra fingers, a tumor on his hypothalamus, and a split in his epiglottis 
My baby’s lungs did not develop, was born with many kidney cysts on both kidneys and liver thickening and scarring and there was very low fluid during pregnancy 
I am a young adult with blood in my urine, high blood pressure, cysts in both kidneys and other organs, and ballooned blood vessels in the brain 
My teenage daughter has a lot of brown birthmarks, freckles in her armpits and groin, and bumps on her skin 
I am adult with an enlarged aortic root, stretch marks, curved spine, a concave chest, flat feet, and lens dislocation 
My adult sister had ballooned blood vessels, thin skin, and her uterus burst when she was pregnant 
A child keeps getting coughs and colds, is very skinny, and his pancreas isn't working 
My teenage son keeps having painful swelling of the hands and feet, pneumonia and fever, and has low red blood cells 
My baby is floppy, has eyes that angle up, has a complicated heart problem, and was born with low thyroid hormone   
My 2 year-old has slow bile flow, a heart problem, changes in his back bones, and a ring on his cornea 
I am an adult with dark-colored urine, back and knee arthritis, and my knee cartilage looked black when I had surgery  
My son’s kidneys are not working, is getting partially deaf, and has a problem with the lens of his eye 
My child loses her balance, gets lots of colds and viruses, and has spider veins in her eyes and on her cheeks 
My teenage son is very heavy, has extra fingers and toes, and has trouble seeing, especially at night 
My baby was very large when he was born, had a big tongue, had a big bulge around his belly button, and his blood sugar was low 
My infant has a missing part of the iris of her eye, a heart problem, a narrowing of the nasal passage, and ear problems 
My daughter is not growing well, especially her head, and she is not learning, and she gets very bad sunburns and blisters when she goes in the sun 
My six-month old boy is very small, has abnormalities with the shape of his bones and his penis, and has low red blood cells 
My teenage son keeps getting bad pains in his arms and legs, has dark bumps on his skin, doesn’t sweat very much, has blurred corneas, and protein in his urine 
My baby has trouble eating, does not have tears when she is upset, and throws up, has a fast heartrate, and sweats a lot when she gets stressed 
I keep getting nosebleeds, have spider veins on my face and fingers, and have blood vessel problems in some organs  
My daughter has very light skin and eyes, and has poor vision, bleeds very easily, and gets lots of infections 
I am a 40-year old man with mood problems, trouble with balance, and sudden, jerky movements 
My six-month old baby had blisters on her skin, which now look warty 
My child has breathing problems, is floppy, and isn’t learning well 
I am an adult with leg swelling and extra eyelashes 
I am a 45-year old man with colon cancer, and many people in my family had colon cancer, as well as cancer of the uterus, skin cancer, and brain cancer  
I am a teenager with growths in my intestines and spots on my lips 
My daughter has dark streaks on her retina, dark bumps on her neck, and stomach bleeding 
My son doesn’t have enough of any of his blood cells, his pancreas isn’t working, and his bones aren’t formed right 
My baby was born very small, was born with a heart problem and a small head, and his second and third toes are stuck together 
My son is growing very fast, has a big head, has learning problems, and has a big forehead 
My daughter and I can’t hear well and are very near-sighted, and we both had very small chins and had cleft palates;  
My baby has low platelets and is missing bones in her arms 
I am a young man who can’t hear well and I have problems seeing, especially at night 
My baby can’t hear, has a white shock of hair, and has blue eyes 
My eight year-old gets sunburnt very easily, has lots of freckles, says his eyes hurt a lot in the sunlight, and has skin cancer 